## Reads2Map App

This shiny app plots graphics for descriptive analyses of the datasets generated by the Reads2Map workflows. Upload your results in the `Upload data` session. In this session you can also access previous obtained results.

Each icon at the left corner of this page points to a different dataset and produces interactive plots.

In the session "Maps" it is possible to download the OneMap or GUSMap R object containing the combination of software and parameters you selected. With the object you can make modifications in the sequence using the R environment and OneMap or GUSMap packages functions. 

By now, only one chromosome is evaluated in both workflows. However, the EmpiricalReads2Map workflow also provide the complete VCF file to users reproduce only the chosen pipeline in the other chromosomes. Therefore, users can select the best pipeline using one chromosome and apply it to the others without spent all the time and computer resources needed to compare all the methods for all chromosomes. We showed an example of this usage in [Quickstart](vignettes/under_development.html)

### Running the Reads2Map App locally

**warning**: The repositories are still private, we will publish them together with the papers.

To not overload this server, we limited the upload size to 500Mb by a user, but if you have larger result files you can run the App locally via GitHub using:

```{r, eval=FALSE}
devtools::install_github('Cristianetaniguti/Reads2MapApp')
Reads2MapApp::run_app()
```

It will also install all R packages dependencies needed for the App. If you do not want to install anything on your computer, you can access the App running the docker container:

```{bash}
docker run -p 8085:80  cristaniguti/reads2mapapp
```

The App will be available in `localhost:8085` or `127.0.0.1:8085`.

## Documentation (under development)

Here are some tutorials that better explain how to use the workflows:

* [Introduction](vignettes/under_development.html)
* [Running SimulatedReads2Map workflow](vignettes/under_development.html)
* [Running EmpiricalReads2Map workflow](vignettes/under_development.html)
* [Workflows configurations](vignettes/under_development.html)
* [Usage of sub-workflows](vignettes/under_development.html)

You can also have more details about the workflows and how they can be applied:

* [Paper](vignettes/under_development.html)
